Who we are

Legalcomplex is an independent project run by me. Legalcomplex's goal is to conceive and create uniquely gorgeous products to help us outsmart robots and advance a fair society. To achieve this goal, we run a website to publish blog posts and launch services, like Twitter or YouTube channels. Legalcomplex wants to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website and channels.

What information we collect and why we collect it

The information Legalcomplex collects when you visit our website and channels is called User Statistics. This is information like IP address, browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time you visit and what you clicked on during your visit. We use that information to better understand how you use our website and channels. With User Statistics, we can not immediately identify you and won't try either.

We may ask for your email address to send you updates such as Legalcomplex latest blog posts, products, and services.

How we collect information

Legalcomplex uses three (3) services to collect information. For User Statistics, we use Google Analytics and Automattic (Jetpack). To collect email addresses Legalcomplex uses MailChimp. Please visit these respective sites to acknowledge their privacy policies.

We also encourage you to visit one of these privacy policy validation services to see what changes these User Statistics services have made to their policies and see if you agree with them.

https://explore.usableprivacy.org ;
https://tracker.terminosycondiciones.es/en/.
Here are some of the methods used to gather User Statistics:

Cookies: is a little file on your computer with a string of information from our website, LegaLComplex will only store a cookie for three (3) months;
Web beacons: is a single pixel gifs in emails send by MailChimp. Web beacons collect information about when you open the email like your IP address, your browser or email client type, and other similar details.
How we protect your privacy

Here is a list of items Legalcomplex will agree to you with to protect your information:

Only Legalcomplex (me) and the User Statistics services like Google, Automatic & MailChimp will have access to your information;
Legalcomplex will not rent or sell your email address to any third party;
In case Legalcomplex gets acquired or goes out of business we will notify you via our websites and channels that your information will be transferred to a third party;
If Authorities like the police want your email, we would require a valid warrant from the Dutch authorities and will notify you via the email of the pending request;
We may occasionally publish metrics of how our products are being used, we will ensure that you can not be identified as an individual in these publications.
Changes to our Private Policy

Legalcomplex may update its Privacy Policy so encourages visitors to check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Legalcomplex Private Policy will be submitted to Github so you can review changes over time.

If you have Legalcomplex.com subscribed by email, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes.

Questions

If you want to update, delete, or change your email address, please use the unsubscribe link in any of the Legalcomplex emails.

If you have any questions, comments or concerns about the way in which Legalcomplex has handled any privacy matter, send me a message: raymond[icon name="at" class="" unprefixed_class=""]legalcomplex.com.


